Rework structure of the Misc/Theory chapters (#930)
0xAX/linux-insides: X86/README.md

# x86-64 fundamentals

> Welcome to the chapter about the x86-64 fundamentals and the fundamental structures used by the Linux kernel for this architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the chapter on [`x86_64`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X86-64) fundamentals and the core data structures used by the Linux kernel on this architecture. The concepts introduced here provide the foundation for understanding the Linux kernel source code throughout the rest of this book.
```

> This chapter describes fundamental concepts and structures of the [`x86_64`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X86-64) architecture which are useful to know before and during diving into the Linux kernel source code.

Reviewer: This paragraph is a repetition; I'd merge this with the first one

Most of the information is taken from the following official manuals:

- [Intel® 64 and IA-32 Architectures Software Developer Manuals](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/articles/technical/intel-sdm.html)
- [AMD64 Architecture Programmer's Manual, Volumes 1-5](https://docs.amd.com/v/u/en-US/40332_4.09_APM_PUB)

> and of course from the Linux kernel [source code](https://github.com/torvalds/linux).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Of course, I'm also basing this chapter on the Linux kernel [source code](https://github.com/torvalds/linux).
```

Reviewer: or... `Of course, this chapter is also based on the Linux kernel [source code](https://github.com/torvalds/linux).`

> Each part of this chapter one concept of the Intel 64-bit architecture and how it is used or implemented in the Linux kernel. It is quite useful to have the source code of Linux kernel on your local computer to follow the details. You can obtain the source code using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each part of this chapter covers one concept of the Intel 64-bit architecture and explains how it is used and implemented in the Linux kernel. It is quite useful to have the source code of the Linux kernel on your local computer to follow the details. You can get the source code using the following command:
```

```bash
git clone git@github.com:torvalds/linux.git
```

> You can also obtain the source code through the Github CLI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can get the source code through the GitHub CLI:
```

```bash
gh repo clone torvalds/linux
```

## How to read

> This chapter assumes you are comfortable with basic computer architecture and have a light familiarity with `C` programming language and x86_64 assembly syntax. You do not need to be a kernel expert, but being able to read short code snippets and recognize hardware terms will help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This chapter assumes you are comfortable with basic computer architecture and have a light familiarity with the `C` programming language and x86_64 assembly syntax. You do not need to be a kernel expert, but being able to read short code snippets and recognize hardware terms will help.
```

## Notation used

> During reading this and other chapters, you may encounter special notation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When reading this and other chapters, you may encounter special notation:
```

- `CS`, `DS`, `SS`, `CR0`, `CR3`, `CR4`, `EFER` - refer to x86 segment and control registers
- `0x...` - denotes hexadecimal values

> - `entry_*` and `startup_*` - are common prefixes for early boot symbols

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `entry_*` and `startup_*` - common prefixes for early boot symbols
```

- `setup code` refers to the early part of the Linux kernel which executes preparation to load the kernel code itself into memory
- `decompressor` refers to the part of the `setup code` that inflates the compressed kernel image into memory

> ## What you will learn

Reviewer: Do we really need this heading?

## Reading order

> This chapter does not have a special reading order since the majority of the concepts described in this chapter are not tightly depend on each other. You can read in any order. The following parts are presented in this chapter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The topics in this chapter are independent of one another, so you can read the sections in any order. The chapter covers the following topics:
```
